Competing goods analysis
Advantages of Hops:
Wine flower is positioned as a professional beer introduction, purchase and communication APP.
Its target audience is prominent and obvious: craft enthusiasts with a certain need for beer, owners of craft bistros and suppliers of imported beers.It is more of a platform: a platform for consumers and businesses to communicate and exchange.Features include finding beer: the ability to search for unusual beer descriptions and tell users where and how to drink it, as well as basic parameters and user reviews.
It also features great Spirit certification and bar certification: For a brewery owner, he can upload his store information to the wine flower APP, which is very convenient for target customers to find the bar he wants to go to, and also reduces the cost of craft beer owners for promoting the craft store.
It also features posts about craft articles that serve as a sort of science tip for new craft beer lovers.Generally speaking, the target customers of Wine Flower APP are obvious, namely practitioners and enthusiasts of craft industry.At the same time, due to the continuous accumulation and updating of its craft database, it has become the general existence of Baidu in wine.Under each wine, users can also post their own comments for mutual communication and discussion, which also forms a community culture circle similar to the forum, which further enhances the stickiness of customers.
Disadvantages of wine flower:
The product in APP is relatively single.Although it is called wine flower, the main introduction to wine is almost all about craft beer.Compared with the traditional Chinese favorite liquor and red wine, the introduction of liquor and red wine is too short. Due to the lack of the introduction of liquor and red wine, wine flower lost more users. After all, the rise of Chinese craft wine market originated in 2015, which was much later than that in Europe and The United States.This further leads to the fact that the people who know this APP and use it are even more circumscribed and niche.
The update of the product is not timely enough and there are some errors in the data.For those of you who love craft beer, some of the wines in the wine flower don't actually exist, or they may be the same beer, but they have completely different descriptions.This is because in the actual operation, wine flower APP sacrifices certain quality of data in order to pursue more quantity.Because it is impossible to spend too much money to check the correctness of the introduction of more than 30,000 beers.The result is a poor core user experience.
Wine flower shopping experience is poor.People who have shopping experience in Jiuhua generally report that the price of beer sold by Jiuhua is higher than that bought on jd, Taobao and other e-commerce platforms.According to common sense, a special craft beer APP should give users a certain price advantage in craft beer shopping. Why is it more expensive than other e-commerce platforms?This is more due to the inconsistency of suppliers behind, the supply channels are too complex and have not been optimized and integrated. As far as the domestic craft beer market is concerned, it is still an incremental market with great changes in market competition.Secondly, the reason for the poor shopping experience is that the delivery speed is too slow, or the obvious activity is actually to force consumers to refund by not delivering goods.In some activities, the low price of commodities leads to the frantic rush of users. However, the platform is unwilling to bear such a loss, so it adopts non-delivery or delayed delivery to force users to give up the commodities.
The layout of wine flowers is too complicated in detail.The specific layout of wine flower refers to the layout design of WeChat. There are four main interfaces, namely, discovery, wine wall, youpin and mine.The corresponding functions are home page, communication, purchase and personal page.Among them, the wine wall and home page even have some functions of repetition, such as looking for the bar this function, can be found in the home page search, also can be found in the wine wall, appears very repetitive.In the personal interface, users are often sent a lot of useless coupons and pushed a lot of useless information, which brings users a very bad experience.
1919 Advantages of eating and drinking:
At the beginning of the design, 1919 was an extension of offline entities. It was an APP designed based on the promotion of offline physical stores' take-out food, which was highly targeted.1919 is mainly about selling all kinds of drinks. The target users are more specific than forumlike apps like Wine flower.At the same time, 1919 has a large number of stores in the country, such stores are not only warehouse, but also show point, is the retail store.1919 Eat and Drink is more like an APP created specifically for the store, which is almost a copy of the store and put online.
The comprehensive alcohol products and the 19-minute delivery service bring users a strong shopping experience.Shopping at 1919 is available in most places as fast as 19 minutes, based on thousands of offline stores across the country.Extremely comprehensive alcohol products, so that the needs of users can be fully met.
Shortcomings of 1919:
A comprehensive alcohol shopping APP, but no more than that. No community forum has been formed, and users cannot communicate with others on the APP.Users can only shop on this APP, but they can't communicate with other users after shopping. Of course, they can't refer to other users' comments before shopping, and they don't know whether this product is suitable for them.
Sometimes too many user permissions need to be obtained, without location permissions directly strike.When users open this APP, they will require registration and a series of permissions, otherwise the function will not work properly.
